prometheus: Add support for setting Translation Strategy config option (#7111)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  See the [migration documentation](./semconv/v1.36.0/MIGRATION.md) for information on how to upgrade from `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.34.0.`(#7032)
- Add experimental self-observability span and batch span processor metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace`.
  Check the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace/internal/x` package documentation for more information. (#7027, #6393)

> - Add support for configuring Prometheus name translation using WithTranslationStrategy option, deprecating WithoutUnits and WithoutCounterSuffixes. The current default translation strategy when UTF-8 mode is enabled is NoUTF8EscapingWithSuffixes, but a future release will change the default strategy to UnderscoreEscapingWithSuffixes for compliance with the specification. (#7111)

Reviewer: can you add deprecatation changelog entries for `WithoutUnits` and `WithoutCounterSuffixes` in `Deprecated` section?

```suggestion
- Add support for configuring Prometheus name translation using `WithTranslationStrategy` option in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus`. The current default translation strategy when UTF-8 mode is enabled is `NoUTF8EscapingWithSuffixes`, but a future release will change the default strategy to `UnderscoreEscapingWithSuffixes` for compliance with the specification. (#7111)
```

> - Add support for configuring Prometheus name translation using WithTranslationStrategy option, deprecating WithoutUnits and WithoutCounterSuffixes. The current default translation strategy when UTF-8 mode is enabled is NoUTF8EscapingWithSuffixes, but a future release will change the default strategy to UnderscoreEscapingWithSuffixes for compliance with the specification. (#7111)

Reviewer: Isn't this too cryptic?

> when UTF-8 mode is enabled

Author: this was a pre-existing changelog entry -- I am having trouble tracking down the exact fix but I'm not sure it's specific to UTF-8 at all
